PR: Update `README.md`, `CONTRIBUTING.md`, screenshot and add `RELEASE.md` (#62)
spyder-ide/spyder-line-profiler: CONTRIBUTING.md

[Spyder's Code of Conduct](https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

There are many ways to contribute and all are valued and welcome. 
You can help other users, write documentation, spread the word, submit
helpful issues on the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder-line-profiler/issues)
with problems you encounter or ways to improve the plugin, test the development
version, or submit a pull request on GitHub.

The rest of this document explains how to set up a development environment.

## Setting up a development environment

This section explains how to set up a conda environment to run and work on the
development version of the Spyder line profiler plugin.

### Creating a conda environment

This creates a new conda environment with the name `spyderlp-dev`.

```bash
$ conda create -n spyderlp-dev -c conda-forge python=3.9
$ conda activate spyderlp-dev
```

### Cloning the repository

This creates a new directory `spyder-line-profiler` with the source code of the
Spyder line profiler plugin.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/spyder-ide/spyder-line-profiler.git
$ cd spyder-line-profiler
```

### Installing dependencies

> This installs Spyder, line_profiler and all other dependencies of the plugin into
> the conda environment using the conda-forge channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This installs Spyder, line_profiler and all other plugin dependencies into
the conda environment previously created, using the conda-forge channel.
```

```bash
$ conda install -c conda-forge --file requirements/conda.txt
```

### Installing the plugin

This installs the Spyder line profiler plugin so that Spyder will use it.

```bash
$ pip install --no-deps -e .
```

### Running Spyder

You are done! You can run Spyder as normal and it should load the line profiler
plugin.

```bash
$ spyder
```

### Running Tests

> This command installs the test dependencies in the conda environment using the conda-forge channel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command installs the test dependencies into your conda environment, using the conda-forge channel.
```
